OSDOCS-3412:Removing AWS-only language from appsDomain ingress config (#43867)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ingress-controller-configuration-parameters.adoc

If empty, the default value is `ingress.config.openshift.io/cluster` `.spec.domain`.

|`appsDomain`

> |`appsDomain` is an optional domain for cloud platform infrastructure to use instead of the one specified in the `domain` field when a Route is created without specifying an explicit host. If a value is entered for `appsDomain`, this value is used to generate default host values for the Route. Unlike `domain`, `appsDomain` can be modified after installation. You can use this parameter only if you set up a new Ingress Controller that uses a wildcard certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`appsDomain` is an optional domain for {product-title} to use instead of the one specified in the `domain` field when a Route is created without specifying an explicit host. If a value is entered for `appsDomain`, this value is used to generate default host values for the Route. Unlike `domain`, `appsDomain` can be modified after installation. You can use this parameter only if you set up a new Ingress Controller that uses a wildcard certificate.
```
